Everything in life is luck.
What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate.
The 1990's sure aren't like the 1980's.
Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make.
Experience taught me a few things. One is to listen to your gut, no matter how good something sounds on paper. The second is that you're generally better off sticking with what you know. And the third is that sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make.
Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game.
Every time you walk down the street people are screaming, 'You're fired!'
I have made the tough decisions, always with an eye toward the bottom line. Perhaps it's time America was run like a business.
One of the key problems today is that politics is such a disgrace, good people don't go into government.
Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war.
I'm the No. 1 developer in New York, I'm the biggest in Atlantic City, and maybe we'll keep it that way.
In the end, you're measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish.
Well, I am a Republican, and I would run as a Republican. And I have a lot of confidence in the Republican Party. I don't have a lot of confidence in the president. I think what's happening to this country is unbelievably bad. We're no longer a respected country.
China gets their oil from Libya. Why isn't China involved? They're going out spending billions of dollars a day on trying to take over the world economically. And we're spending billions and billions and billions of dollars on policing the world. Why isn't China involved with Libya? That - we don't get oil from Libya, China does.
My big focus is China and OPEC and all of these countries that are just absolutely destroying the United States.
It's always good to be underestimated.
But I believe in fair trade, and I will tell you, I have many, many friends heading up corporations, and people that do just business in China, they say it's virtually impossible. It's very, very hard to come into China. And yet, we welcome them with open arms.
The debt limits have to come down. The whole world of debt has to be changed as far as this country is concerned. We have to create jobs and we have to create them rapidly because if we don't things are just going to head in a direction that's going to be almost impossible to recover from.
I do have my ducks in line if I want to do it, but I'd love to see the Republicans pick somebody that was going to win and take over this country and frankly, to use the expression, 'Make America great again.'
Mitt - what I speak to Mitt Romney about is jobs. What I speak to Mitt Romney about is China, because he's got a great view on China and how they're trying to destroy our country by taking our jobs and making our product and manipulating their currency, so that it makes it almost impossible for our companies to compete.
The first thing the secretary types is the boss.
A little more moderation would be good. Of course, my life hasn't exactly been one of moderation.
I like thinking big. If you're going to be thinking anything, you might as well think big.
If you're going to be thinking, you may as well think big.
The point is that you can't be too greedy.
I try to learn from the past, but I plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present. That's where the fun is.
I wasn't satisfied just to earn a good living. I was looking to make a statement.
I mean, there's no arguing. There is no anything. There is no beating around the bush. 'You're fired' is a very strong term.
Well, real estate is always good, as far as I'm concerned.
Without passion you don't have energy, without energy you have nothing.
If you're interested in 'balancing' work and pleasure, stop trying to balance them. Instead make your work more pleasurable.
That's one of the nice things. I mean, part of the beauty of me is that I'm very rich. So if I need $600 million, I can put $600 million myself. That's a huge advantage. I must tell you, that's a huge advantage over the other candidates.
If you look - look at - I mean, look at what's going on with your gasoline prices. They're going to go to $5, $6, $7 and we don't have anybody in Washington that calls OPEC and says, 'Fellas, it's time. It's over. You're not going to do it anymore.'
I saw a report yesterday. There's so much oil, all over the world, they don't know where to dump it. And Saudi Arabia says, 'Oh, there's too much oil.' They - they came back yesterday. Did you see the report? They want to reduce oil production. Do you think they're our friends? They're not our friends.
Today, and I'm very strongly against tax increases.
I think Ronald Reagan was one of the great presidents, period, not just recently. I thought he had the demeanor. I thought he had the bearing. I thought he had the thought process.
Getting things done in this country, if you want to build something, if you want to start a company, it's getting to be virtually impossible with all of the bureaucracy and all of the approvals.
So we really need jobs now. We have to take jobs away from other countries because other countries are taking our jobs. There is practically not a country that does business with the United States that isn't making - let's call it a very big profit. I mean China is going to make $300 billion on us at least this year.
I think George Will is somebody that said recently that the Republicans will not lose, as a Republican, that the Republicans will not win the election. I think it was a terrible statement.
Obama does not like the issue of where he was born.
As long as you're going to be thinking anyway, think big.
Do you mind if I sit back a little? Because your breath is very bad.
I don't make deals for the money. I've got enough, much more than I'll ever need. I do it to do it.
You have to think anyway, so why not think big?
I'm a bit of a P. T. Barnum. I make stars out of everyone.
Part of being a winner is knowing when enough is enough. Sometimes you have to give up the fight and walk away, and move on to something that's more productive.
Anyone who thinks my story is anywhere near over is sadly mistaken.
It's tangible, it's solid, it's beautiful. It's artistic, from my standpoint, and I just love real estate.
Well, yes, I've fired a lot of people. Generally I like other people to fire, because it's always a lousy task. But I have fired many people.
When somebody challenges you, fight back. Be brutal, be tough.
I could never have imagined that firing 67 people on national television would actually make me more popular, especially with the younger generation.
You know the funny thing, I don't get along with rich people. I get along with the middle class and the poor people better than I get along with the rich people.
The Arab League tells us to go in and take out Qaddafi. We've spent billions of dollars already with respect to the Arab League. Billions of dollars, because they told us to do it. Why aren't they paying for it? They don't like Qaddafi, Qaddafi's been a terrible thorn in their side.
A certificate of live birth is not the same thing by any stretch of the imagination as a birth certificate.
I support health care for people. I want people well taken care of. But I also want health care that we can afford as a country. I have people and friends closing down their businesses because of Obamacare.
It's not like I'm anti-China. I just think it's ridiculous that we allow them to do what they're doing to this country, with the manipulation of the currency, that you write about and understand, and all of the other things that they do.
People might not think that, but the Republicans have all of the cards. And this is the time to get rid of Obamacare. This is the time to make the great deal.
So Bush certainly wasn't the greatest, and Obama has not done the job. And he's created a lot of disincentive. He's created a lot of great dissatisfaction. Regulations and regulatory is going through the roof. It's almost impossible to get anything done in the country.
A lot of people feel very good about Mitt Romney and I think he's going to do a great job.
It's a great thing when you can show that you've been successful and that you've made a lot of money and that you've employed a lot of people.
I feel a lot of people listen to what I have to say.
The Obama representatives like Robert Gibbs attack people viciously, but people like me will not be silent and will answer them back.
I think the big problem this country has is being politically correct. I've been challenged by so many people, and I don't frankly have time for total political correctness. And to be honest with you, this country doesn't have time either.
In July of 2004, I came out strongly against the war with Iraq because it was going to destabilize the Middle East.
I have used the laws of this country just like the greatest people that you read about every day in business have used the laws of this country, the chapter laws, to do a great job for my company, for myself, for my employees, for my family, et cetera.
I am very, very proud to say that I am pro-life.
Mexico's making a fortune off the United States.
Politicians can't manage. All they can do is talk.
People love me. And you know what, I have been very successful. Everybody loves me.
Somebody said I am the most popular person in Arizona because I am speaking the truth.
I have great respect for the Pope. I like the Pope. I actually like him.
I own buildings. I'm a builder; I know how to build. Nobody can build like I can build. Nobody. And the builders in New York will tell you that. I build the best product. And my name helps a lot.
I built a great company, one of the - some of the most iconic assets in the world, $10 billion of net worth, more than $10 billion of net worth, and frankly, I had a great time doing it.
Years ago, I predicted that Iran would take over Iraq. Iran and Iraq used to fight back and forth.
I don't like losers.
I have respect for Senator McCain. I used to like him a lot. I supported him. I raised a lot of money for his campaign against President Obama.
I'm worth far too much money. I don't need anybody's money.
Obamacare is, number one and maybe least importantly, it's costing the country a fortune.
I think that when you get right down to it, people do evolve on different issues. And, you know, I'm pro-life. And I was begrudgingly the other way.
I apologize when I'm wrong.
We need a great president.
Obama and his attack dogs have nothing but hate and anger in their hearts and spew it whenever possible.
We - we need strength, we need energy, we need quickness and we need brain in this country to turn it around.
As far as single payer, it works in Canada. It works incredibly well in Scotland.
Our military has to be strengthened. Our vets have to be taken care of. We have to end Obamacare, and we have to make our country great again, and I will do that.
I have a great relationship with the Mexican people.
I have an attention span that's as long as it has to be.
Saudi Arabia makes a billion dollars a day, okay? They make a billion dollars a day.
If I don't get along with Democrats, I'm sort of, like, out of business.
You know that ISIS wants to go in and take over the Vatican? You have heard that. You know, that's a dream of theirs, to go into Italy.
People are so shocked when they find... out I am Protestant. I am Presbyterian. And I go to church, and I love God, and I love my church.
Somebody made the statement that Donald Trump has built or owns the greatest collection of golf courses, ever, in the history of golf. And I believe that is 100 percent true.
Private jets cost a lot of money.
The Iranians and Persians are excellent at the art of negotiation.
The Veterans Administration is a scandal. It's corrupt, and what's going on is a disgrace. And, believe me, if I win, if I become president, that will end. The veterans will be treated properly.
I love Wisconsin. It's a great place.
I have very good executives and great children. They're very good.
If people can just pour into the country illegally, you don't have a country.
We've had soldiers that were so badly hurt and killed. I want their families to get something.
We have to straighten out our country; we have to make our country great again, and we need energy and enthusiasm.
I have women working in high positions. I was one of the first people to put women in charge of big construction jobs. And, you know, I've had a great relationship with women.
I was a great student at a great school, Wharton School of Finance.
Obama has no solutions. Obama has failed the country and its great citizens, and they don't like it when somebody such as myself speaks the truth about this - it hurts too much.
Our politicians are stupid. And the Mexican government is much smarter, much sharper, much more cunning. And they send the bad ones over because they don't want to pay for them. They don't want to take care of them. Why should they when the stupid leaders of the United States will do it for them?
I give to everybody. When they call, I give. And do you know what? When I need something from them two years later, three years later, I call them, they are there for me.
I have a great, great company. I employ thousands of people. And I'm very proud of the job I did.
Hillary Clinton is not going to be able to create jobs, I will tell you right now.
Hillary Clinton was the worst Secretary of State in the history of the country. The world came apart under her reign as Secretary of State.
If I were a liberal Democrat, people would say I'm the super genius of all time. The super genius of all time. If you're a conservative Republican, you've got to fight for your life. It's really an amazing thing.
I was a Democrat for a period of time early on. And then I was also an independent. And then I became a Republican.
The Pope, I hope, can only be scared by God.
I played golf with my friends, and then I started to play with the hustlers. And I learned a lot. I learned about golf; I learned about gambling. I learned about everything.
I've got the hottest brand in the world.
Iran is not getting rid of any of its nuclear plants. They're not getting rid of anything.
Many agree that the worst thing that could ever happen is if Russia and China get closer.
I deal with foreign countries. I made a lot of money dealing against China. I've made a lot of money dealing against many other countries.
I have had lobbyists, and I have had some very good ones. They could do anything.
So many people are on television that don't know me, and they're like experts on me.
Ronald Reagan became, you know, not only a Republican but a pretty conservative Republican - not the most. But a pretty conservative Republican. And he's somebody that I actually knew and liked. And he liked me. And I worked with him and helped him.
I went to the Wharton School of Finance, the toughest place to get into. I was a great student.
There's always opposition when you do something big. I do many things that are controversial. When people see it, they love it!
I've become very successful over the years. I think I own among the greatest properties in the world.
I have made really some significant deals because I play golf.
The way I run my business seems to be easier than the way I run my life.
Forty Wall Street is probably the most beautiful tower in New York.
I will tell you this: I have fun, a lot of fun with 'The Apprentice.' When I did the books - and now we have a book out. And all the time, books are prestigious. But there's sort of nothing like having the big hot show on television.
Owning a great golf course gives you great power.
The interesting thing is that everyone in golf is just nice. You learn a lot about people playing golf: their integrity, how they play under pressure.
I'm the Ernest Hemingway of 140 characters.
I've always said, 'If you need Viagra, you're probably with the wrong girl.'
I want trade deals, but they have to be great for the United States and our workers. We don't make great deals anymore, but we will once I become president.
Hillary Clinton may be the most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency.
Hillary Clinton has perfected the politics of personal profit and theft. She ran the State Department like her own personal hedge fund - doing favors for oppressive regimes, and many others, in exchange for cash.
We will be a country of generosity and warmth. But we will also be a country of law and order.
In 2009, pre-Hillary, ISIS was not even on the map. Libya was stable. Egypt was peaceful. Iraq was seeing a really big, big reduction in violence. Iran was being choked by sanctions. Syria was somewhat under control.
Every day, I wake up determined to deliver a better life for the people all across this nation that have been neglected, ignored, and abandoned. I have visited the laid-off factory workers and the communities crushed by our horrible and unfair trade deals. These are the forgotten men and women of our country.
As your president, I will do everything in my power to protect our LGBTQ citizens from the violence and oppression of a hateful foreign ideology.
It is time to show the whole world that America is back - bigger and better and stronger than ever before.
Together, we will determine the course of America and the world for years to come. We will face challenges. We will confront hardships. But we will get the job done.
I will fight for you with every breath in my body - and I will never, ever let you down.
We share one heart, one home, and one glorious destiny.
From this day forward, a new vision will govern our land. From this moment on, it's going to be America First.
Americans want great schools for their children, safe neighborhoods for their families, and good jobs for themselves. These are the just and reasonable demands of a righteous public.
Windmills are going to be the death of Scotland and even England if they don't do something about them. They are ruining the countryside.
I love Neil Young. And he loves me! We have a great relationship.
The early versions of 'Shell's Wonderful World of Golf' were great. It's sort of interesting: as it progressed, it became worse and worse, but the early versions were really fantastic with Jimmy Demaret and Gene Sarazen. They were classics.
Owning great landmarks such as the Empire State Building or Trump Tower or the General Motors Building or the Plaza Hotel - there are certain just spectacular landmarks - it's an honor; it's really an honor.
You have to blast to build in Manhattan. And the buildings went up in Manhattan because of the power of that bedrock. Once you dig that foundation - and they dig with dynamite - and once you dynamite out and you secure that foundation, that building isn't going anywhere.
I think the World Trade Center should be rebuilt as the World Trade Center, only stronger and one story taller. I hate what they're doing with the World Trade Center site.
The USGA is terrific. I've designed my course in Bedminster to the highest standards of the USGA, and it's a very special course.
I wouldn't mind a little bow. In Japan, they bow. I love it. Only thing I love about Japan.
We need a president with tremendous intelligence, smarts, cunning, strength and stamina.
Come November, the American people will have the chance to re-declare their independence. Americans will have a chance to vote for trade, immigration and foreign policies that put our citizens first. They will have the chance to reject today's rule by the global elite, and to embrace real change that delivers a government of, by and for the people.
The Hillary Clinton foreign policy has cost America thousands of lives and trillions of dollars - and unleashed ISIS across the world. No Secretary of State has been more wrong, more often, and in more places than Hillary Clinton.
When I see the crumbling roads and bridges, or the dilapidated airports, or the factories moving overseas to Mexico, or to other countries, I know these problems can all be fixed, but not by Hillary Clinton - only by me.
I have visited the cities and towns across America and seen the devastation caused by the trade policies of Bill and Hillary Clinton. Hillary Clinton supported Bill Clinton's disastrous NAFTA, just like she supported China's entrance into the World Trade Organization.
The most basic duty of government is to defend the lives of its own citizens. Any government that fails to do so is a government unworthy to lead.
The problems we face now - poverty and violence at home, war and destruction abroad - will last only as long as we continue relying on the same politicians who created them in the first place.
I have embraced crying mothers who have lost their children because our politicians put their personal agendas before the national good. I have no patience for injustice, no tolerance for government incompetence, no sympathy for leaders who fail their citizens.
Decades of record immigration have produced lower wages and higher unemployment for our citizens, especially for African-American and Latino workers. We are going to have an immigration system that works, but one that works for the American people.
My opponent asks her supporters to recite a three-word loyalty pledge. It reads, 'I'm With Her.' I choose to recite a different pledge. My pledge reads, 'I'm with you - the American people.'
What truly matters is not which party controls our government, but whether our government is controlled by the people. January 20th 2017, will be remembered as the day the people became the rulers of this nation again. The forgotten men and women of our country will be forgotten no longer. Everyone is listening to you now.
If you love what you do, if you love going to the office, if you really like it - not just say it, but really like it - it keeps you young and energized. I really love what I do.
You learn their honesty, you learn their competitiveness. You learn a lot about a person. It's not that they have to sink the putt and there's a great deal of talent involved - but you do learn about how competitive a person is on the golf course, and frankly, how honest.
I think I was born with the drive for success because I have a certain gene.
One of the reasons that New York became great was that it's serviced by many, many different rivers and waterways. You have the Atlantic Ocean connected virtually right to it, and it's serviced by the East River and the Hudson River and lots of tributaries.
First and foremost, I'm a real estate person. And that's what I love the most.
'You're fired' was not a part of the deal. And when I went into the first board room, the very first one, I'm looking at these people, and I had to fire somebody, but we never thought in terms of the expression 'You're fired.'
The golf facet of my life doesn't go with the rest of my life, which is a rough-and-tumble life. I work in real estate development, which is the toughest business, and I do it in the toughest city. I deal with ruthless people.
In real life, if I were firing you, I'd tell you what a great job you did, how fantastic you are, and how you can do better someplace else. If somebody steals, that's different, but generally speaking, you want to let them down as lightly as possible. It's not a very pleasant thing. I don't like firing people.
We have to go see Bill Gates and a lot of different people that really understand what's happening. We have to talk to them, maybe in certain areas, closing that Internet up in some way. Somebody will say, 'Oh, freedom of speech, freedom of speech.' These are foolish people. We have a lot of foolish people.
The U.S. has become a dumping ground for everybody else's problems.
Thanks to Hillary Clinton, Iran is now the dominant Islamic power in the Middle East, and on the road to nuclear weapons. Hillary Clinton's support for violent regime change in Syria has thrown the country into one of the bloodiest civil wars anyone has ever seen - while giving ISIS a launching pad for terrorism against the West.
If I am elected President, I will end the special interest monopoly in Washington, D.C.
Together, we will lead our party back to the White House, and we will lead our country back to safety, prosperity, and peace.
President Obama has almost doubled our national debt to more than $19 trillion, and growing. And yet, what do we have to show for it? Our roads and bridges are falling apart, our airports are in Third World condition, and forty-three million Americans are on food stamps.
The American People will come first once again. My plan will begin with safety at home - which means safe neighborhoods, secure borders, and protection from terrorism. There can be no prosperity without law and order.
When I am president, I will work to ensure that all of our kids are treated equally and protected equally. Every action I take, I will ask myself, 'Does this make life better for young Americans in Baltimore, Chicago, Detroit, Ferguson, who have as much of a right to live out their dreams as any other child America?'
On January 21st of 2017, the day after I take the oath of office, Americans will finally wake up in a country where the laws of the United States are enforced. We are going to be considerate and compassionate to everyone. But my greatest compassion will be for our own struggling citizens.
We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again.
We will follow two simple rules: Buy American and hire American.
When America is united, America is totally unstoppable.
Do not let anyone tell you it cannot be done. No challenge can match the heart and fight and spirit of America. We will not fail. Our country will thrive and prosper again.
America will start winning again, winning like never before.
We will reinforce old alliances and form new ones - and unite the civilized world against radical Islamic terrorism, which we will eradicate completely from the face of the Earth.
In America, we understand that a nation is only living as long as it is striving.
We will build new roads, and highways, and bridges, and airports, and tunnels, and railways all across our wonderful nation.
We will no longer surrender this country or its people to the false song of globalism.
This is a pandemic. I felt it was a pandemic long before it was called a pandemic.
No dream is too big. No challenge is too great. Nothing we want for our future is beyond our reach.
We do not seek to impose our way of life on anyone, but rather to let it shine as an example for everyone to follow.
We will be protected by the great men and women of our military and law enforcement and, most importantly, we are protected by God.
Together, We will make America strong again. We will make wealthy again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again. And yes, together, we will make America great again. Thank you. God bless you. And God bless America.
We will seek friendship and goodwill with the nations of the world - but we do so with the understanding that it is the right of all nations to put their own interests first.
And whether a child is born in the urban sprawl of Detroit or the windswept plains of Nebraska, they look up at the same night sky, they fill their heart with the same dreams, and they are infused with the breath of life by the same almighty Creator.
Every decision on trade, on taxes, on immigration, on foreign affairs, will be made to benefit American workers and American families. We must protect our borders from the ravages of other countries making our products, stealing our companies, and destroying our jobs. Protection will lead to great prosperity and strength.
We stand at the birth of a new millennium, ready to unlock the mysteries of space, to free the Earth from the miseries of disease, and to harness the energies, industries and technologies of tomorrow. A new national pride will stir our souls, lift our sights, and heal our divisions.
When you open your heart to patriotism, there is no room for prejudice. The Bible tells us, 'How good and pleasant it is when God's people live together in unity.'
We must speak our minds openly, debate our disagreements honestly, but always pursue solidarity.
We will bring back our jobs. We will bring back our borders. We will bring back our wealth. And we will bring back our dreams.
It is time to remember that old wisdom our soldiers will never forget: that whether we are black or brown or white, we all bleed the same red blood of patriots, we all enjoy the same glorious freedoms, and we all salute the same great American Flag.
So to all Americans, in every city near and far, small and large, from mountain to mountain, and from ocean to ocean, hear these words: You will never be ignored again. Your voice, your hopes, and your dreams will define our American destiny. And your courage and goodness and love will forever guide us along the way.
We will get our people off of welfare and back to work - rebuilding our country with American hands and American labor.
I've always won, and I'm going to continue to win. And that's the way it is.
I actually think that the Republicans are the party of jobs and the Democrats are the party of mobs.
The country is doing well in so many ways. But there’s such divisiveness.
My whole life has been heat. I like heat, in a certain way.
You are somewhat more traditional politicians (than me).
I think my positions are going to be what the people in this room come up with.
Remember two things. Number one, I said, we’re going to be saying Christmas again. And, number two, I said I was going to give you a Christmas present.
It’s idealistic, it’s wonderful, it’s a beautiful thing.
He was a great cheerleader for the country. But not great on the trade.
I never did polling on that. I don’t know if that’s popular. I don’t know if that’s unpopular.
We have the worst laws.
You go to the hospital. You have a broken arm. You come out, you are a drug addict with this crap.
I would give myself an A+.
And nobody knows what a community college is.
We’re all fighting battles, but I love fighting these battles.
He would stand up there before those crowds. And, by the way, without any musical instruments.
You ever have second thoughts about something?
We have triumphed over evil like nobody has seen before.
The past does not have to define the future.
I believe it’s a rough situation over there. There’s no question about it.
And the greatest phrase, I think, in the history of politics is on all of those red and white hats that I see out there: ‘Make America Great Again.’
And together, we will make America wealthy again.
We will make America loving again. Love it. Love it.
They said, ‘Sir, would you mind going back? Would you mind if we didn’t stop?’ I said, ‘There’s no way. We cannot stop,’ right?
So please get your asses out tomorrow and vote.
Sometimes you have to toot your own horn because nobody else is going to do it.
We got more money. We got more brains. We got better houses, apartments. We got nicer boats. We’re smarter than they are. And they say, ‘The elite.’
We’re going to win at space.
Great pillows. I actually use them, believe it or not.
You know, I was dealt a lot of bad hands.
I hold both countries responsible. I think that the United States has been foolish. I think we’ve all been foolish. … And I think we’re all to blame.
That just shows when you get good ratings, you can say anything.
What’s happening is a disgrace.
We love winners. We love winners. Winners are winners.
Hey, I’m the President of the United States! I’m not the President of the globe.
He may have had a bad past. Who knows, you know? He may have had some, I think, accusations made. Didn’t he have a couple things in his past?
You know, with Biden, you go like this – whew – and he goes down.
Even one of them recently said that President Trump made promises, but he’s kept many more promises. I mean, far more than I made.
To be honest – I’ll be honest, I thought it was a – I thought it was a very close to complete victory.
Nobody has ever done so much in the first two years of a presidency as this administration. Nobody. Nobody.
No collusion.
I don’t know who Lil Jon is. I don’t – I really don’t.
And when you’re talking about an atmosphere, oceans are very small. And it blows over and it sails over.